Mr. Chen
sick
Uh, no more slaps.
No, Mr. Chen
Did you hear it wrong?
Who just said they were going to shave my eyebrows?
And make me kneel down and apologize
Do you still want next month's salary?
Mr. Shen, I was wrong
Please forgive me.
Muzhizhi
Your first project
Go well
Muzhizhi is a good way
I seduced the president on my first day at work
Don't talk nonsense
I'm talking nonsense, didn't everyone see it?
So you don't have to work hard.
Ling Peixi sees the upper position
I said I didn't
Why did the president give you the project without anything?
Don't think you can rise to power by seducing the boss
Mr. Chen is not as good as you think
Get it together, everyone, work hard
After all, we don't want to play tricks
I said I'm not okay.
Then you can talk to me about your grades.
The stocks are all analyzed
So, what do you guys think?
Rainbow Enterprises stock will rise sharply tomorrow
The line of the rainbow is very low.
I think they will go up tomorrow.
It is recommended to buy a machine before 6 o'clock today.
Good for tomorrow morning's trading
OK, buy a rainbow.
adjourn
Rainbow, this will be obviously sluggish.
People who play stocks usually don't buy them.
You actually suggested that Mr. Chen buy this stock
See how you will be favored tomorrow
Who is afraid of whom